Oh basically today I'm going to show you
how to upload your own business card
design or do your own design absolutely
free so what you're going to do is come
over here to the left side and click
business card once you go into business
card you have 25 two options one on the
left side is to upload your own digital
files and the right side is to design
your own online for free so let's say
you have a design and you just want to
upload it and print it step one you'd
want to come all the way over here to
the left where you see download
templates you want to click that and
then choose the template that you need
so for business cards the standard is
two by three and a half you're going to
click that and choose either your
illustrator template or photoshop
template whichever program you're
working with the reason you want to
download this template is that it's
going to give you the bleed lines and
the cut lines that way you know exactly
where your business cards are going to
be cut and you don't miss any important
information so step one download the
templates step to open the templates
with your editing program step 3 adjust
your design and then save it and then
come here to upload digital files and
you can upload your design right here
choose your type of business cards that
you want choose the amount that you want
to print let's say 2500 gives you a
printing price put in your shipping
address continue and you're good to go
so let's say that you want to create
your own design let's go back here to
business cards and let's go to design
online do it yourself free we have two
options here one is the quick designer
and two is the advanced designer quick
designer works with templates which are
easy to set up an advanced designer
gives you more options where you can
design your own custom business cards
using either the templates or starting
completely from scratch but right now
I'm just going to show you how to use a
quick designer so click here on quick
designer and choose any category let's
choose business and occupation actually
click the wrong one there we go business
and occupation
and let's say agriculture and we're
going to choose this template right here
now that we have the template all we
need to go down all we need to do is on
the left side over here let me zoom in a
little bit is to choose how we want the
font layout we want it in all corners or
all sent are all lined up on the right
side or all lined up on the left side or
in the middle however you prefer choose
the layout and then go down here in the
middle and fill in your information
company name your name title address and
the good thing about this you have all
the options right here to choose the
kind of font you want the size the color
the effects everything so once you have
the front how you like it go ahead and
do the back and once you finish the back
if you want a back side all you need to
do is update that's going to show you
exactly what it looks like and then go
to order now once you're in order now
choose the standard two by three and a
half if you want UV coating that's a
very glossy nice professional look the
color the quantity and hit update card
and you're ready to go so here it now is
a print you can design your own upload
your own designs and print all of your
business cards and printing products all
in one place so that's it for today and
talk to you again soon take care